README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:

**About Me**<br><br>🔹 I'm currently working on: FaceFixer — an AI-powered skincare platform where I combine computer vision and full-stack engineering to turn ideas into real, usable products.<br><br>🔹 I'm looking to collaborate on: Full-stack or AI/ML projects that solve real-world problems, especially ones that scale and push technical boundaries.<br><br>🔹 I'm looking for help with: Taking ML systems from prototype to production and building cloud architectures that are fast, reliable, and scalable.<br><br>🔹 I'm currently learning: Advanced cloud engineering, AI model optimization, and system design for high-performance applications.<br><br>🔹 Ask me about: React + Spring Boot development, CI/CD pipelines, cloud deployment, or how to ship end-to-end projects efficiently.<br><br>🔹 Fun fact: I treat debugging like detective work and enjoy turning complex technical puzzles into clean, user-friendly solutions.<br>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/zeeldobariya) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/Zeel_Dobariya19)[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:zdobariya10@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Objective-C](https://img.shields.io/badge/OBJECTIVE--C-%233A95E3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/scala-%23DC322F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scala&logoColor=white) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) ![OpenStack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Openstack-%23f01742.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openstack&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-%2344A833.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Spark-FDEE21?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachespark&logoColor=black) ![Apache Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Kafka-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachekafka) ![Apache Hadoop](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Hadoop-66CCFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachehadoop&logoColor=black) ![Apache Hive](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Hive-FDEE21?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachehive&logoColor=black) ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-F5788D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chart.js&logoColor=white) ![Elasticsearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/elasticsearch-%230377CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Rails](https://img.shields.io/badge/rails-%23CC0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby-on-rails&logoColor=white) ![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white) ![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/spring-%236DB33F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Strapi](https://img.shields.io/badge/strapi-%232E7EEA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=strapi&logoColor=white) ![Thymeleaf](https://img.shields.io/badge/Thymeleaf-%23005C0F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Thymeleaf&logoColor=white) ![Type-graphql](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeGraphQL-%23C04392?style=for-the-badge) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/vue.js-%2335495e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=%234FC08D) ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=for-the-badge&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20tomcat-%23F8DC75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![ApacheCassandra](https://img.shields.io/badge/cassandra-%231287B1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-cassandra&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Hibernate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hibernate-59666C?style=for-the-badge&logo=Hibernate&logoColor=white) ![AmazonDynamoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20DynamoDB-4053D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=Amazon%20DynamoDB&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Dribbble](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dribbble-EA4C89?style=for-the-badge&logo=dribbble&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![GitLab CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab%20CI-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-selenium-%43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=white) ![Sentry](https://img.shields.io/badge/sentry-%23362D59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sentry&logoColor=white) ![Testing-Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TestingLibrary-%23E33332?style=for-the-badge&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white) ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) ![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/confluence-%23172BF4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=confluence&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![ElasticSearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ElasticSearch-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch) ![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry-Pi) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white) ![Unreal Engine](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white) ![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black) ![OpenAPI Specification](https://img.shields.io/badge/openapiinitiative-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openapiinitiative&logoColor=white) ![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prometheus&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=dobariyz&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=dobariyz&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dobariyz&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=dobariyz&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated about me section
Updated personal information and added professional background.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:

Software Developer with an Advanced Diploma in Software Development and Network Engineering from Sheridan College. Experienced in building full-stack applications using Java, Spring Boot, React, and microservices, with hands-on experience in cloud deployment, CI/CD, and Agile development.

Previously worked as a Software Developer at Samskrita Bharati and currently seeking full-time opportunities in software development or backend engineering roles.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/zeeldobariya) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/Zeel_Dobariya19)[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:zdobariya10@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Objective-C](https://img.shields.io/badge/OBJECTIVE--C-%233A95E3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/scala-%23DC322F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scala&logoColor=white) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) ![OpenStack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Openstack-%23f01742.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openstack&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-%2344A833.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Spark-FDEE21?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachespark&logoColor=black) ![Apache Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Kafka-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachekafka) ![Apache Hadoop](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Hadoop-66CCFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachehadoop&logoColor=black) ![Apache Hive](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Hive-FDEE21?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachehive&logoColor=black) ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-F5788D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chart.js&logoColor=white) ![Elasticsearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/elasticsearch-%230377CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Rails](https://img.shields.io/badge/rails-%23CC0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby-on-rails&logoColor=white) ![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white) ![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/spring-%236DB33F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Strapi](https://img.shields.io/badge/strapi-%232E7EEA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=strapi&logoColor=white) ![Thymeleaf](https://img.shields.io/badge/Thymeleaf-%23005C0F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Thymeleaf&logoColor=white) ![Type-graphql](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeGraphQL-%23C04392?style=for-the-badge) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/vue.js-%2335495e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=%234FC08D) ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=for-the-badge&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20tomcat-%23F8DC75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![ApacheCassandra](https://img.shields.io/badge/cassandra-%231287B1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-cassandra&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Hibernate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hibernate-59666C?style=for-the-badge&logo=Hibernate&logoColor=white) ![AmazonDynamoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20DynamoDB-4053D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=Amazon%20DynamoDB&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Dribbble](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dribbble-EA4C89?style=for-the-badge&logo=dribbble&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![GitLab CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab%20CI-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-selenium-%43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=white) ![Sentry](https://img.shields.io/badge/sentry-%23362D59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sentry&logoColor=white) ![Testing-Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TestingLibrary-%23E33332?style=for-the-badge&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white) ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) ![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/confluence-%23172BF4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=confluence&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![ElasticSearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ElasticSearch-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch) ![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry-Pi) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white) ![Unreal Engine](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white) ![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black) ![OpenAPI Specification](https://img.shields.io/badge/openapiinitiative-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openapiinitiative&logoColor=white) ![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prometheus&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=dobariyz&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=dobariyz&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dobariyz&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=dobariyz&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
